Added additional documentations and references for how CustomField, ComputedField, and Relationship behave in Nautobot v2.0. (#4137)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/feature-guides/relationships.md

|Destination Label|(Optional) Label for related destination objects, as displayed on the destination object.|
|Destination filter|(Optional) Filterset filter matching the applicable destination objects of the selected type.|

+/- 2.0.0

>     Relationship model now uses its `label` attribute (unique for all Relationship instances) exclusively for display purposes in the UI.
>     Relationship's `slug` attribute was renamed to `key` (unique for all Relationship instances), which contains a GraphQL-safe string used as the key in the underlying relationship data dictionary.
>     These changes do not require users to do any manual work as they are properly handled by data migrations during the upgrade from Nautobot v1.x to v2.0. If you have duplicate Relationship `slug` values in your database pre-migration, some of the Relationship `key` values might altered to ensure that `key` values for all Relationship instances are unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Relationship model now uses its `label` attribute (unique for all Relationship instances) exclusively for display purposes in the UI.

    Relationship's `slug` attribute was renamed to `key` (unique for all Relationship instances), which contains a GraphQL-safe string used to reference this relationship in the REST API and in GraphQL.

    These changes do not require users to do any manual work as they are properly handled by data migrations during the upgrade from Nautobot v1.x to v2.0. If you have non-GraphQL-safe Relationship `slug` values in your database pre-migration, some of the resulting Relationship `key` values might be altered to ensure that `key` values for all Relationship instances are unique and valid.
```
